class-09/README.md, before:

# HTML Forms and JS Events
## Overview

In this class you will be learn JavaScript Events and how they can bring interactivity to your application. You will also learn how to construct HTML forms.

## Class Outline

- Code review of previous class lab assignment
- Code demo
  - Events and event listeners
  - HTML forms
- Lab preview and prep

## Making a form and submit button

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Your_first_form

A form can be made in HTML. Each form has INPUT elements. INPUT elements can have types like "text", "password", or "number".

Form INPUTS should have a "name" attribute.

Forms INPUTS should also have a label for them.

Forms should have a button with type "submit".

## handleSubmit function

After you create your form, there are three steps to hooking it up with JavaScript.

1. Grab the form element form the DOM.
2. Define the handleSubmit function.
3. add a listener to the form element.

These three steps will cause the handleSubmit function to be called when the button is clicked.

## Example

Example for handleClick: https://github.com/rmccrear/simple-event-listener-demo

Example for handleSubmit: https://github.com/rmccrear/form-demo-01

Example for dog shelter: https://github.com/rmccrear/dog-shelter-demo

#### Describe and Define

- JavaScript's `addEventListener()`.
- Anonymous functions and callbacks.
- Syntax and operations of an HTML `<form>`.
- Form structure, using semantic tags, including `<input>`, `<label>`, and `<fieldset>`.

#### Execute

- Code event listeners and handlers to capture events on the page.
- Collect form input and use it to instantiate new objects.
- Add a new row to dynamic data table(s) by storing, computing, and rendering data from the HTML form.
- Successfully pair-program with a fellow student and manage the collaborative and version control aspects of working with Git (from the command line) and GitHub (in the browser).

## Notes

1. What is a JavaScript Event?

1. What 2 arguments do we need to pass into the `addEventListener()` method for it to run correctly?

1. What is a callback function?

1. An HTML form is used to collect `________` input.

1. An `<input>` element can be displayed in many ways, depending on the `_______` attribute.

1. What does `event.preventDefault()` do?

Commit message:

update 09 with DOM manip review refs

class-09/README.md, after:

# HTML Forms and JS Events
## Overview

In this class you will be learn JavaScript Events and how they can bring interactivity to your application. You will also learn how to construct HTML forms.

## Class Outline

- Code review of previous class lab assignment
- Code demo
  - Events and event listeners
  - HTML forms
- Lab preview and prep

## Making a form and submit button

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Your_first_form

A form can be made in HTML. Each form has INPUT elements. INPUT elements can have types like "text", "password", or "number".

Form INPUTS should have a "name" attribute.

Forms INPUTS should also have a label for them.

Forms should have a button with type "submit".

## handleSubmit function

After you create your form, there are three steps to hooking it up with JavaScript.

1. Grab the form element form the DOM.
2. Define the handleSubmit function.
3. add a listener to the form element.

These three steps will cause the handleSubmit function to be called when the button is clicked.

## Examples from lecture

Example for handleClick: https://github.com/rmccrear/simple-event-listener-demo

Example for handleSubmit: https://github.com/rmccrear/form-demo-01

Example for dog shelter: https://github.com/rmccrear/dog-shelter-demo


## Some review on DOM manipulation

A few references about DOM manipulation. (For creating tables or lists in the DOM with JavaScript.)

In the books: 

* JavaScript and jQuery: Chapter 5
* Head First JavaScript: Chapter 6

Video Series from Badgr

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIORjGvT0kk&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gfoKa5la9dsdCNpuey2s-V

#### Describe and Define

- JavaScript's `addEventListener()`.
- Anonymous functions and callbacks.
- Syntax and operations of an HTML `<form>`.
- Form structure, using semantic tags, including `<input>`, `<label>`, and `<fieldset>`.

#### Execute

- Code event listeners and handlers to capture events on the page.
- Collect form input and use it to instantiate new objects.
- Add a new row to dynamic data table(s) by storing, computing, and rendering data from the HTML form.
- Successfully pair-program with a fellow student and manage the collaborative and version control aspects of working with Git (from the command line) and GitHub (in the browser).

## Notes

1. What is a JavaScript Event?

1. What 2 arguments do we need to pass into the `addEventListener()` method for it to run correctly?

1. What is a callback function?

1. An HTML form is used to collect `________` input.

1. An `<input>` element can be displayed in many ways, depending on the `_______` attribute.

1. What does `event.preventDefault()` do?
